Update benchmark readme (#5802)
foxglove/studio: benchmark/README.md

# Foxglove Studio Benchmarking

Benchmarks are specific combinations of layout and synthetic data playback. When a benchmark is opened, playback automatically starts and summary results are printed to the developer console.

## Instructions

> Run a dev or prod build and select a benchmark from `benchmarks.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a dev or prod build and open a benchmark URL from `benchmarks.txt`.
```
